Design Pattern used
 1.) Model View Controller
      - Can be seen through the implementation. Controllers are the classes that add the functionality and control the
        manipulation of the model. They include the different adaptors to manipulate the views, i.e BaseCalendarAdaptor, 
        CalendarListAdaptor, WeeklyCalendarAdaptor. The Views are the classes that show the individual views in Daily, Weekly, 
        Monthly  and List. Include dailyActivityView, CalendarWeeklyView, addEvent, eventOverview, updateOverview, 
        CalendarMainActivity, ListViewActivity. The Model are the classes define the current state of the program which 
        is the DBAdaptor.
        
  2.) The test cases, atleast one from each member, are in the Project Assignment 3 folder identified as test case for a specific method.
      There are instructions documented as well.
      3354-team5\Project Assignment 3
  
  3.) To build the software open AndroidStudios and import the project. Download all necessary tools and updates to the 
      IDE. If there are any build problems try and use AndroidStudios recommended fixes, they should do automatically fix
      any of the build problems. If you still have trouble feel free to contact us through email. When the source code is 
      imported succesfully to the IDE, open up a Android Virtual Device. Once the device is done loading, compile and run 
      the code. The code should automatically connect with the Virtual Device and run the application. 
      
      Views
      The initial page the calendar opens up to is a list view page. This view shows all the possible events within the 
      database. Since there is no events in the database, the list view is empty as well as all the other views. At the 
      top below the title Calendar, there are 5 options to choose from. From the left, the first button is the list view, 
      which you should already be on. The second button is the monthly view. The third button is the weekly view. The 
      fourth button is the daily view, but this only shows the events of the current day. The last button is the add event 
      button. In the monthly view, a highlighted blue indicates the current day. When you select a day, the box turns grey. 
      The monthly view has two buttons a previous and next button, for going back and forth the months. The weekly view has 
      similar functionality except that the view goes back only one week. The month only changes when the days of the previous 
      months are reached. 
      
      Add Event
      Like said earlier, to add an event click the top right button that looks like a plus sign. This goes into the add event
      page. From this view, we can still access all the the buttons from before at startup. This view has 3 text boxes. One 
      for the name of the event, the location, and the description of the event. To choose the date, there is white text that
      is clickable. Once clicked, it opens the a calendar dialog box that allows you to choose a date. Click on a date, then 
      either confirm or cancel. To choose a start time, click the start time text. This opens a time dialog box that can 
      either be entered through a drag and drop time clock, or a keyboard input shown at the bottom left corner. Last option
      is to choose a color option to help indicate an event on the calendar views. All fields must be filled, if not a pop up 
      comes up and indicates which fields are empty. Additionally there is an option to go back and cancel the add event on
      the top left. If all the information wanted is in, click the top right button that looks like a plus sign to add the 
      event. 
      
      After an event is added that event is able to be seen through all the views of the application. When you look at the 
      different views, you will see that indicated color you chose for the event. In the in the weekly and monthly views when
      you click on the event day, a small window will pop up giving event information. There is a go to daily view option that
      will show all the events occuring on that day, and a cancel option to get out of the window.
      
      Edit/Delete an Event
      When you have the event in the calendar, you have the option to edit and delete an event. The edit option will only be 
      available on the list view and daily view when you click the event box. To edit from the weekly and monthly views, you 
      have to click on the event. Once the window pops up with event information, go to daily view for that event day and you 
      can go to the edit page once you click on the event box. When you click the event, you are taken to a event overview page
      that simply details all the information you inputted. There is an update info button below the 5 buttons on the top of 
      every view, and a delete button indicated by a trash can icon at the top right corner. Clicking the delete button will 
      open a confirmation window. Confirming deletes the event from the database, declining goes back to the event overview 
      page. If you click update info, you can update all the fields of the event to whatever you would like. Once you are 
      done press the save changes button and the event is saved. The calendar app will now update to the current information
      in the database.
